add documents_en for serving (#429)
Oneflow-Inc/oneflow-documentation: en/docs/basics/08_nn_graph.md

In addition to the methods described above, getting the parameters of the gradient during the training process, accessing to the learning rate and other functions are also under development and will come up soon.

> ### Save of Graph and load model paramters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Save of Graph and Load Model Paramters
```

标题的大小写是有规范的，这个可以检索下资料

Author: 已修改

> ### Save of Graph and Load Model Paramters

Author: ```suggestion
### Save and Load Model Parameters of Graph
```

    ```

In this way, the `./1/model` directory will save both model parameters and computation graph required for deployment. The detailed deployment process can be found in the [Model Deployment](../cookies/serving.md) article.

Because of the format required for deployment, it must be exported via a Graph object. Therefore, if it is a model (ie `nn.Module` object) trained in Eager mode, you need to use `Graph` to encapsulate the Module and then export it.

We take the `neural_style_transfer` as an example in the flowvision repository to show how to encapsulate and export the `nn.Module` model.

```python
import oneflow as flow
import oneflow.nn as nn
from flowvision.models.neural_style_transfer.stylenet import neural_style_transfer

class MyGraph(nn.Graph):
    def __init__(self, model):
        super().__init__()
        self.model = model

    def build(self, *input):
        return self.model(*input)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    fake_image = flow.ones((1, 3, 256, 256))
    model = neural_style_transfer(pretrained=True, progress=True)
    model.eval()
    graph = MyGraph(model)
    out = graph(fake_image)
    flow.save(graph, "1/model")
```

> The key sections in the above code:：

Author: 已修改

> The key points in the above code:
> 
> - Define a `MyGraph` class, which simply encapsulates the `nn.Module` object (`return self.model(*input)`), which is only used to convert `nn.Module` into a `Graph` object.
> - Instantiate the `Graph` object（`graph = MyGraph(model)`).
> - Call once instantiated `Graph` object (`out = graph(fake_image)`). Its internal mechanism is to use "fake data" to flow through the model (that is, the tracing mechanism) to build a computation graph.
> - Export the model required for deployment:`flow.save(graph, "1/model")`
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above code:

- Defines a `MyGraph` class, and simply encapsulates the `nn.Module` object (`return self.model(*input)`), which is only used to convert `nn.Module` into a `Graph` object
- Instantiates the model to get the `Graph` object（`graph = MyGraph(model)`)
- Calls once the `Graph` object (`out = graph(fake_image)`). Its internal mechanism is to use "fake data" to flow through the model (tracing mechanism) to build a computation graph
- Exports the model required for deployment:`flow.save(graph, "1/model")`
```
